








HomeStudyUndergraduateCoursesCreative Digital Media (TU987)    

Creative Digital Media / Meáin Dhigiteacha Chruthaitheacha


< Back to Search Results


 





Course Title: Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Creative Digital Media




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Application for admission to add-on Honours Degree (Level 8) courses will be considered from graduates of a relevant Ordinary Degree (Level 7) course at pass level with a GPA of 2.0 or above.




What is... Creative Digital Media?



Prospective digital creatives will be in their element in this course. We’ll help you find and develop your creativity and give you the tools and techniques to express it. Our student groups blend filmmakers, web designers, app developers and illustrators into a creative, exciting mix. We look for students with passion and flair, good visual awareness, and an interest in the internet and technology.
This dynamic course will supply you with the practical, creative and technical skills you need to succeed in the digital society and creative industries. It covers everything from digital media, web development, visual creativity and storytelling to design, video, documentary filmmaking and content management, and more advanced subjects in Year 4. Thanks to state-of-the-art Mac labs and digital media hardware, you’ll gain first-hand experience of cutting-edge industry tools and techniques. Our academic team is rich in industry and creative experience (see www.creativedigitalmedia.ie).
IT Requirements
A HIGH spec (i.e. able to run Win 10, an AV solution and Office comfortably. Be able to use Wi-fi and camera to attend online classes, use other hardware intensive software such as Adobe Cloud Premium suite, Visual Studio, AutoCAD, ProEng, so needs high RAM, larger SSD, Graphics acceleration, etc.)
Special Notes

Students in Creative Digital Media may choose a device running Windows or OSX (Apple) operating system.
Apple devices are available from the HEANET store.
Students are advised to purchase an annual subscription to Adobe Creative Cloud (all apps). This is available from the HEANET store. This approximately 20 euro per month. Please check up to date pricing on the HEANET store.

Please search for the TU Dublin offer on the HEA website www.heanet.ie/store




What are my career opportunities?



Graphic Designer
Illustrator
Branding
Marketing
Advertising
Filmmaking
Web Designer
Game Development
Interactive Designer
User Experience Designer (UX)
App Developer
Animator
Creative Consultant





 Module listing      Year One Semester 1

Creative Practice Thinking
Final Year Project (Phase 1)
Critical Theory
Professional Digital Video
Application Design and Development

Semester 2

User Experience Design
Final Year Project (Phase 2)
Culture, Media and Technology
Advanced Post-Production


Advanced Entry


Applications for this add-on course are made under the Advanced Entry category through the CAO. For further information on how to make an application, please visit our CAO Hub.




What our students say



I have always had an interest in design and video and this course offers both. I had seen similar courses in other colleges, but this one was a lot more practical and involved hands on learning.  The best thing about it is the variety; there are enough subjects covered in this course so that anybody who comes will find something that suits them. It will allow you to explore how you create and what works best for you, to help you learn more about yourself and how you work best when creating content.
- Eoghan O’Carroll, Creative Digital Media





Progression


On graduation, you may continue to postgraduate study at TU Dublin or elsewhere.







Apply Now



Apply for Advanced Entry




TU Code
TU987
Level
Level 8
Award
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) Duration
1 year
Location
Blanchardstown
Virtual Tour
Blanchardstown
Fees
EU Fees
Non-EU Fees



Contact Us


courses@tudublin.ie
+35312208093 
Visit our School Office





