








HomeStudyUndergraduateCoursesDigital Marketing (TU930)    

Digital Marketing / Margaíocht Dhigiteach


< Back to Search Results


 





Course Title: Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Digital Marketing




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Application for admission to this add-on Honours Degree (Level 8) course will be considered from graduates of TU781 Bachelor of Arts in Digital Marketing or a relevant Ordinary Degree (Level 7) qualification.




What is... Digital Marketing?



Marketing is the discipline of understanding how and why consumers buy products and services and using those insights to satisfy consumer wants and needs. Digital marketing is marketing for the modern connected consumer. It combines traditional marketing with the latest digital tools and media to help businesses reach, connect and promote their products to a wider audience, using strategies that inform, captivate and engage. Alongside their offline marketing activities, businesses and brands now recognise the value of having an active online presence. By 2020, it’s estimated that over 60% of all money spent on advertising in Ireland will be on digital advertising.
This course, mixes business, marketing and creative subjects, offers you a thorough grounding in the knowledge and skills you need to to work in contemporary marketing. 
IT Requirements
Students on this course will be required to have a high spec PC/Laptop (i.e. able to run Win 10, an AV solution and Office comfortably, be able to use Wi-fi and camera to attend online classes, use other hardware intensive software such as Adobe Cloud Premium suite, Visual Studio, AutoCAD, ProEng, so needs high RAM, larger SSD, Graphics acceleration, etc.) 
Please search for the TU Dublin offer on the HEA website www.heanet.ie/store




What are my career opportunities?



PR Account Managers
Advertising Account Managers
Brand Managers
Social Media Managers
Campaign Planners
Event Managers
SEO Specialists
CRM Managers





 Module listing      Year One Semester 1

Business Intelligence
Market Dynamics: Assessment & Analysis
Marketing Strategy 1
Marketing Ethics & Society
Strategic Marketing Technologies

Electives

Project Management
Strategic Management 1
International Selling & Sales
Cross Cultural Management
Marketing Consultancy Project 1

Semester 2

Data Mining
Consumer Journey Mapping & Service Design
Marketing Strategy 2
Information for Decision Making

Electives

Global Marketing
Supply Chain Management
Strategic Management 2
Business Strategy
Marketing Consultancy Project: Phase 2


Advanced Entry


Applications for this add-on course are made under the Advanced Entry category through the CAO. For further information on how to make an application, please visit our CAO Hub.




What our students say



I chose this course because of the many job opportunities that exist in the area of Digital Marketing. I would like a career in event management and I have an interest in using Social Media content to promote events. There are many continuous assessments on the course with only a few written exams each semester; it also has a lot of practical elements.
- Emma Kelly, Digital Marketing





Progression


On graduation, you may continue to postgraduate study at TU Dublin or elsewhere.







Apply Now



Apply for Advanced Entry




TU Code
TU930
Level
Level 8
Award
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) Duration
1 year
Location
Blanchardstown
Virtual Tour
Blanchardstown
Fees
EU Fees
Non-EU Fees



Contact Us


courses@tudublin.ie
+35312208093 
Visit our School website





