








HomeStudyUndergraduateCoursesMarketing Management (TU923)    

Marketing Management  / Gnó, Iontráil Ghinearálta


< Back to Search Results

 





Course Title: Bachelor of Business (Honours) in Marketing
*This course is open for Advanced Entry Applications Only*
Note:For entry to year 1 Level 7 – please go to TU787For entry to year 1 Level 8 – please go to TU932 




Minimum Entry Requirements?


For the 180 places available on Business General Entry, there are 60 places available per course – Management, International Business, Marketing. If you chose the General Entry option, you may not be given your first choice if the course fills all available places.




Leaving Certificate Minimum Number of




Subjects


Higher




6


 2 H5




Minimum Grade in




Maths


English OR Irish




F2/O6/H7


O6/H7




On the CAO application, the student applies for TU932 Bachelor of Business (Honours) (General Entry).Following entry to TU Dublin, the student decides which area of Business they wish to focus on and transfers to one of the following Level 8 courses:

International Business
Management
Marketing

 (23+) are welcome.  Further details at www.tudubin.ie/mature




What is... Marketing Management ?



 
MarketingStudents who complete this course and achieve this award are prepared to gain positions of responsibility in marketing. Students are well prepared for a role on a marketing team, whether in a small firm, a large corporation or a not-for-profit organisation. The modules introduce students to the study of consumer behaviour, marketing research, marketing communications, financial management, international marketing, digital marketing and web design. As part of the Events management module, for example, student will organise an event on campus and raise money for a charity of choice.

Select here to view Marketing





What are my career opportunities?



Graduate Job Titles:Manager Sales ManagerBusiness Development ExecutiveBank OfficialConsultantAdministratorAccount ManagerMarketing ExecutiveMarketing Manager
Graduate Employers: Bank of IrelandPWCKPMGAIBGoogleFacebookLinkedInCiti BankCoca ColaPennys





 Module listing      Year One  Year Two  Year Three  Year Four *Some modules are elective
Semester 1

Contemporary Business (Elective)
Critical Skills Development
Financial Accounting for Business Managers 1
French 1 (Elective)
German 1 (Elective)
Introduction to Information Technologies, Applications and Social Media
Business Mathematics 1
Introduction to Marketing Theory
Spanish 1 (Elective)

Semester 2

Trends in Cultures and Societies
Economics 1
Financial Accounting for Business Managers 2
French 2 (Elective)
German 2 (Elective)
Business Information Technology and Introduction to Data Analysis
Business Mathematics 2
Principles of Management (Elective)
Spanish 2 (Elective)
*Some modules are elective
Semester 3

Behavioural Studies
Economics 2
French 3 (Elective)
German 3 (Elective)
Developing Database Systems
Principles of Law
International Marketing Applications
Human Resource Management (Elective)
Spanish (Elective)

Semester 4

Personal Finance (Elective)
French 4 (Elective)
German 4 (Elective)
Information Analysis for Decison Making in Business
Marketing Law
Marketing & Business Development
Marketing Finance
PR and Media Relations (Elective)
Research Methods
Spanish (Elective)
*Some modules are elective
Semester 5

Applied Global Digital Marketing
Consumer Behaviour
Global Business
French Communication Skills 5 (Elective)
German Sem 5 (Elective)
Spanish (Elective)
Marketing Channel Management
Event Management/IMC 1
Sales Management (Elective)

Semester 6

The Consumer in the Socio-Cultural Setting (Elective)
French Communication Skills 6 (Elective)
German 6 (Elective)
Services & Business Marketing
Marketing Across Cultures
Retail and Category Management
Event Management/IMC 2 (Elective)
Spanish 6 (Elective)
Quantitative Methods for Marketing and Advertising
Web/App Design & Optimisation
*Some modules are elective
Semester 7

Corporate Strategy & Governance
Corporate Finance
French 7 (Elective)
German 7 (Elective)
Creativity and Innovation
Management Science (Elective)
Marketing Management
Brand Management (Elective)
Qualitative Research Methods
Spanish (Elective)

Semester 8

French 8 (Elective)
German 8 (Elective)
Management Science 2 (Elective)
Marketing Practice
Marketing Strategy
Contemporary Issues in Marketing (Elective)
Enterprise Development
Spanish (Elective)
Strategic Business Analytics


What our students say


Ciara Long, Graduate
TU932 Business Management, Level 8
“Business Management allowed me to develop a very broad skill set, including the ability to conduct interviews, be interviewed, confidence in public speaking, organisation and planning. The content and span of modules helped me to develop the passion for my subject and left me knowledgeable in a variety of business-related disciplines, e.g. Computer Software, Supply Chain Management, Innovation etc. This was very appealing to employers and secured me an internship straight out of college, which led to a permeant public sector job in one of Ireland’s utility companies. This gave me a year of real-world experience which is invaluable to my teaching now.
The people I met while at TU Dublin are friends for life. There is a real sense of community and belonging on campus. It’s the perfect place for guided education, which will boost your employment opportunities while also allowing for self-discovery. I liked that the lecturers where friendly, approachable and helpful throughout. The course itself was diverse and included an array of modules helpful to life in a business and now, as a teacher
I cannot stress enough the sense of community at TU Dublin. As someone who struggled with the transition from post-primary to higher education TU Dublin was perfect for me. The lecturers where approachable and committed to giving practical education while also supporting you in whatever way you required”.
 







Apply Now



Apply for Advanced Entry




TU Code
TU923
Level
Level 8
Award
Bachelor of Business (Honours)  Duration
4 years
Number of Places180
Location
Tallaght
Virtual Tour
Tallaght
Fees
EU Fees
Non-EU Fees



Contact Us
School of Global Business

School.GlobalBusiness@tudublin.ie
Visit our School website





