








HomeStudyUndergraduateCoursesBusiness and Information Technology (TU927)    

Business and Information Technology / Gnó agus Teicneolaíocht Faisnéise


< Back to Search Results


 





Course Title: Bachelor of Business (Honours) in Information Technology




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Holders of an appropriate Ordinary Bachelor Degree in Business should apply to CAO in the year for which admission is sought. Entry is subject to normal entry requirements.
English Language Requirements:
If English is not your first language you will need to provide evidence of your English language proficiency as detailed on our website.




What is... Business and Information Technology?



If you like technology and business, here’s where you'll learn the skills needed to bridge the business/IT gap, so you become more resourceful, flexible and independent in your career development. It also prepares you to work in challenging and progressive organisations. The use of systems and technology to control and manage organisational data and information is a crucial business discipline.
Subjects cover everything from Accounting, Business Information Systems and Economics Fundamentals to Systems Analysis, Marketing, Databases and Risk Analysis. On a typical day, you may design a website, problem-solve, create a marketing campaign, write a computer programme, make an investment decision, or produce an interactive multimedia presentation.
IT Requirements
Students on this course will be required to have a medium spec computer/laptop (i.e. able to run Win 10, an AV solution and Office comfortably. Be able to use Wi-fi and camera to attend online classes, use other software such as SPSS, Adobe Connect; e.g. Latitude 5510; Latitude 5410.
Please search for the TU Dublin offer on the HEA website www.heanet.ie/store




What are my career opportunities?



Operations Specialists
Risk Project Managers
Risk Operation Trainers
Lead General Specialists
Technical Sales Representatives
eLearning Specialists
Operations Analysts
Risk Analysts
Project Managers
Data Analysts
Business Analysts
Quality Analysts
Data Service Analysts
IT Consultants





 Module listing      Year One Semester 1

Project Management
Business Research Methods
Advanced Databases for Business
IT Project 1 - Analysis and Design

Electives

Strategic Management 1
Financial Information Analysis

Semester 2

Process Analysis
IT Project 2 - Implementation
Business Intelligence
Strategic Management 2

Electives

Managing Service Quality & Customer Relationships
Strategic Management of Information Systems
Business Strategy


Advanced Entry


Applications for this add-on course are made under the Advanced Entry category through the CAO. For further information on how to make an application, please visit our CAO Hub.




What our students say







Progression


On graduation, you may continue to postgraduate study at TU Dublin or elsewhere.







Apply Now



Apply for Advanced Entry




TU Code
TU927
Level
Level 8
Award
Bachelor of Business (Honours) Duration
1 year
Location
Blanchardstown
Virtual Tour
Blanchardstown
Fees
EU Fees
Non-EU Fees



Contact Us
 School of Business Technology, Retail and Supply Chain

school.btrsc@tudublin.ie
+353 1 220 8460
Visit our School website





