








HomeStudyUndergraduateCoursesInternational Business (TU778)    

International Business  / Gnó Idirnáisiúnta


< Back to Search Results


 





Course Title: Bachelor of Business in International Business 




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Applicants who wish to apply for advanced entry to Year 2 must provide evidence that they have met the learning outcomes for Year 1 through previous study at level 6, 7, 8 or equivalent.  In certain cases, those who hold a QQI FET/FETAC level 6 qualification, or who have other relevant educational and/or work experience equivalent to Year 1 of an undergraduate course, maybe considered for advanced entry.  Please send a copy of your transcript and award to the CAO to support your application.   




What is... International Business ?



Course Description
Are you extroverted and adventurous, and interested in communicating and engaging with other cultures? Then you should jump at the opportunity to study International Business at home and abroad. The course will provide you with the skills and attributes necessary to succeed in business anywhere in the world, reducing the barriers to travel and opening a world of career opportunities at home and overseas. A wide range of subjects are covered, from Economics Fundamentals, Leadership, Business Information Systems and Organisational Behaviour to Creativity, Innovation and Entrepreneurship, Intercultural Studies and Global Marketing. Languages are core to this course and are studied for the duration of the course. The choice of French, German, or Spanish will equip you to live and work internationally.
Study Abroad Opportunities
In Year 3, students have the option to spend a semester or a full year studying at a partner University in France, Germany, Spain or Canada under the Erasmus course. Students who opt not to go on Erasmus for a full academic year follow the third year of the International Business course during which they have the opportunity to study a second language at beginner level in addition to their major language.
Graduates of this course have gone on to work in International Finance, Global Marketing, European Sales, Human Resources, Management, and e-Business. As a graduate of International Business, the world really is your oyster!
IT Requirements
Students on this course will be required to have a medium spec computer/laptop (i.e. able to run Win 10, an AV solution and Office comfortably. It should be able to use Wi-fi and camera in order to attend online classes, and use other software such as SPSS, Adobe Connect; e.g. Latitude 5510; Latitude 5410;
Please search for the TU Dublin offer on the HEA website www.heanet.ie/store




What are my career opportunities?



Recruitment
Management Consultants
Customer Service Managers
Logistics
Investor Services
Sales Support
Financial Services





 Module listing      Year One  Year Two  Year Three Semester 1

Accounting
Fundamentals of Economics: Micro Economics
Leading Modern Enterprises
Skills for Success in Higher Education
Business Mathematics & Statistics 1

Electives

French PLC 1a
Spanish - Ab Initio 1a
Spanish PLC 1a
German - Ab Initio 1a
German PLC 1a
French ab initio 1a
English for Academic Purposes 1

Note: Where students already have native speaker competence in a language which may be used for international business, students may choose to take the “English for Academic Purposes” elective (INTB H1021 and INTB H1032) in year one. Students who take French, German or Spanish in Semester 1 are required to continue with this language for the duration of the course.
Semester 2

Fundamentals of Economics: Macro Economics
Exploring Modern Enterprises
Business Mathematics and Statistics 2
Business Information Systems

Electives

French PLC 1b
Spanish – Ab Initio 1b
Spanish – PLC 1b
German – Ab Initio 1b
German – PLC 1b
French ab initio 1b
English for Academic Purposes 2
Semester 1

Financial Accounting
Electronic Commerce
Principles of Marketing
European Studies

Group Electives 1

French for Business 2a
German for Business 2a
Spanish for Business 2a

Group Electives 2

French Language, Culture and Society 2a
German Language, Culture and Society 2a
Spanish Language, Culture and Society 2a

Group Electives 3

English for Business Purposes 1
Traditional Irish Culture and Society

Note: Students who have chosen a language elective (French, German, Spanish) in Semester 1 must take a 5 credit module from Group Elective 1 (GE1) and a 5 credit module from Group Elective 2 (GE2). Students who have chosen English for Academic Purposes1 in Semester 1 must take both modules from Group Elective 3 (GE3).
Semester 2

Introduction to Management & Cost Accounting
Information Management
International Economic & Public Policy
Marketing Communications

Group Electives 1

French for Business 2b
German for Business 2b
Spanish for Business 2b

Group Electives 2

French Language, Culture and Society 2b
German Language, Culture and Society 2b
Spanish Language, Culture and Society 2b

Group Electives 3

English for Business Purposes 2
Contemporary Irish Culture and Society

Note: Students who have chosen a language elective (French, German, Spanish) in Semester 1 must take a 5 credit module from Group Elective 1 (GE1) and a 5 credit module from Group Elective 2 (GE2). Students who have chosen English for Academic Purposes1 in Semester 1 must take both modules from Group Elective 3 (GE3).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Students in Year 3 have 4 options: Spend both Semester 1 and 2 abroad on Erasmus Studies, or Semester 1 at TU Dublin and Semester 2 abroad on Erasmus Studies, or both Semester 1 and 2 at TU Dublin or Semester 1 abroad on Erasmus Studies and Semester 2 at TU Dublin.
Semester 1

Financial Management 1
Business Systems Analysis
Organisational Behaviour
Creativity, Innovation and Entrepreneurship

Group Electives 

French for Business 3a
German for Business 3a
Spanish for Business 3a

Group Electives 2

Spanish Ab-Initio 1a
German Ab-Initio 1a
French ab initio 1a
Operations Management*
Global Business Environment

Note: Students who have chosen a language elective (French, German, Spanish) in Semester 1 must take one module from Group Elective 1 (GE1) and one module from Group Elective 2 (GE2). Students on the English language speaking stream must choose two modules from Group Elective 2 (GE2). * BSST H3041 ‘Operations Management’ runs across semesters 5 and 6.
Semester 2

Business Law
Databases for Business
Human Resource Management
Intercultural Studies for the Export Market

Group Electives 1

French for Business 3b
German for Business 3b
Spanish for Business 3b

Group Electives 2

Spanish Ab-Initio 1b
German Ab-Initio 1b
French ab initio 1b
Enterprise Development

Note: Students who have chosen a language elective (French, German, Spanish) in Semester 1 must take one module from Group Elective 1 (GE1) and one module from Group Elective 2 (GE2). Students on the English language speaking stream must choose 2 modules from Group Elective 2 (GE2).

Advanced Entry


Advanced Entry applications are accepted to this course. Please refer to the minimum entry requirements above. For further information on how to make an Advanced Entry application, please visit our CAO Hub.  A full list of courses open for Advanced Entry is detailed on the CAO website. 




What our students say








Progression


On successful completion, you’ll be eligible for the final year of Bachelor of Business (Honours) in International Business.







Apply Now



Apply for Advanced Entry




TU Code
TU778
Level
Level 7
Award
Bachelor of Business 
 Duration
3 years
Number of Places25
Location
Blanchardstown
Virtual Tour
Blanchardstown
Fees
EU Fees
Non-EU Fees



Contact Us


courses@tudublin.ie 
+35312208093
Visit our School Website

 
Contact Us
School of Global Business

School.GlobalBusiness@TUDublin.ie
Visit our School Website





