








HomeStudyUndergraduateCoursesEarly Childhood Education (TU995)    

Early Childhood Education / Oideachas Luath-Óige


< Back to Search Results


 





Course Title: Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Early Childhood Education
2023 CAO Points: 310




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Leaving Certificate Requirements




Minimum Number of




Subjects


Higher




6


2H5's




Minimum Grade in




Maths


English OR Irish




O6/H7


O6/H7




QQI/FET Requirements




QQI/FET Award Required


Additional Requirements




Level 5:
One of the following awards:

5M2009 Early Childhood Care and Education
5M4468 Community Health Services
5M21473 Certificate in Early Learning and Care


Level 6:
Full award in a relevant discipline

A distinction in 6 modules is required



In addition to the QQI minimum entry requirements, QQI quotas and QQI points apply. The max QQI points awarded is 390. Further details at www.tudublin.ie/qqi
Mature Applicants
Applications from mature students (23+) are welcome. Further details at www.tudublin.ie/mature
Additional Requirements
TU Dublin students must undergo Garda Vetting. They must complete the required documentation, including a full list of all previous addresses, in order for clearance checks to be made. Currently, Irish addresses are vetted by the Garda Vetting Bureau at no cost to the student.
First Aid training is mandatory for all First-Year students on this course. It will be arranged by the School at a cost of approximately €100 per student. Please note that first aid fees are not covered by SUSI grants.
English Language Requirements
If English is not your first language you will need to provide evidence of your English language proficiency as detailed on our website. Applicants for this course should have a minimum IELTS (Academic Version) English Proficiency of 6 overall (or equivalent) with nothing less than 6 in each component.




What is... Early Childhood Education?






You may be in contact with food/food products during course placement. For further information please contact the School Office (contact details below)



Early Childhood Education (ECE) generally refers to education before the start of primary school attendance (0-6 years in Ireland). Services include pre-schools, Naíonraí, specific intervention centres such as community support preschools, Barnardo's childcare services, Focus Ireland support services, crèches, child-minding and after-school groups.
The early years are well recognised by legislators, policymakers, educationalists and researchers as a critical period in children’s learning and development.
The ECE professional needs to understand many facets of the child’s learning and development and the role of early education and care in promoting the best outcomes for children.
This course is approved by the Qualifications Advisory Board (instituted to review Level 7 and Level 8 degree courses for the Early Learning and Care Sector) as meeting the requirements of the Professional Award Criteria and Guidelines standards.
Study Abroad Opportunities
You can apply to take part in an Erasmus exchange in the Year 2.
Work Placement
There is a work placement of 100 hours in Year 1, 300 hours in Year 2 and Year 3; and 100 hours in Year 4. The full module listing for the course is listed below.




What are my career opportunities?


Graduates work as practitioners and managers in early years settings such as crèches, day nurseries, preschools, after-school services, special education services, early-start classrooms and family centres, as well as in project development and management positions in the Health Service Executive, county childcare committees and public and voluntary organisations.

Childcare Management
Child & Family Support Worker ​
Working with children who have additional needs ​
Childcare Supervisor – Housing Association
Course Co-Ordinator – QQI Levels 5 & 6 Childcare ​
City/ County Childcare Committee ​
School Completion Officer
Tusla and Early Years inspector ​
Community Work
Research
Policy Development
NGO’s and statutory organisations





 Module listing      Year One  Year Two  Year Three  Year Four 
Psychology and Child Development
Principles of Pedagogy  
Aistear and Early Years Curricula 
Professional Practice in Early Childhood Education  
Child Health & Nutrition 
Introduction to Art in Early Education  
Drama in Education
Supervised Practice Placement: Developing as an Early Childhood Educator  
Understanding Social Policy   
Skills Development

Child Development in Context
Language, Literacy and Numeracy 
Cultural and Linguistic diversity  
Outdoor Learning  
Inclusion in Early Years practice 
Inclusion in Early Years practice 2 
Drama, Music and Movements  
Art in Early Education 2 
Supervised Practice Placement: The skilled Early Years Educator 
Supervised Practice Placement: The competent Early Years Educator 
Sociological Foundations   
Research Methods 

Option: Study Abroad option for students going on Erasmus exchange programme in Semester 2 
Mental Health during the Early Years 
Perspectives on Early Childhood Education: Issues in Policy, Practice & Research  
Working with Families and Communities 
Child Safeguarding   
Leadership and Mentoring Skills   
Supervised Practice Placement: The Reflective Educator 
Pedagogical and Practice documentation  
Sociology of Education and Inequality  
Law  
Research Methods: Documenting Young Children’s Meanings 

Therapeutic Skills with Young Children and Families  
Early Years and School-Age childcare – Pedagogy and Curriculum  
Digital Childhoods  
Children’s Rights and Advocacy in the Early Years sector  
Business & Management Skills  
Creativity in Early Childhood Education 
Supervised Practice Placement 4 
Research Methods 
Dissertation


Advanced Entry


Advanced Entry applications are accepted to this course. For further information on how to make an Advanced Entry application, please visit our CAO Hub. A full list of courses open for Advanced Entry are listed on the CAO website.




What our students say



In Year 1 & 2 of the course I kept busy by joining the Volunteering Society and took part in Outreach trips in Malawi, Africa with the organisation Wells for Zoe. It was an unforgettable learning experience and I have great memories from it. In Year 3 we were given the opportunity to visit the Outdoor Preschools in Norway, and it was so much fun. During my 3 years in TU Dublin, the tutors were very knowledgeable and were always really helpful.
I left TU Dublin with my degree, great memories and the best friends. Since graduating, I first worked as a Senior Nursery Nurse in an ECCE and Afterschool room, and was then promoted to Deputy Manager, and I love it… Holding a degree in Early Childhood Education is so valuable; you can see it is what childcare  providers are really looking for these days so the degree has really set me off on the right road for my career.








Apply Now



Apply Now Irish/EU
Apply Now QQI Level 5/6 
Apply for Advanced Entry
Apply Now Non-EU Year 1




TU Code
TU995
Level
Level 8
Award
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) Duration
4 years
Number of Places44
Location
City Centre: Grangegorman
Virtual Tour
Grangegorman
Fees
EU Fees
Non-EU Fees



Contact Us
School of Social Sciences, Law and Education

socialsciences@tudublin.ie
+35312208477
Visit our School website





