








HomeStudyUndergraduateCoursesInterior Design (TU975)    

Interior Design / Dearadh Intí


< Back to Search Results


 





Course Title: Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Interior Design
2023 CAO Points: 638*
*This includes score from portfolio submission (maximum score 600)




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Leaving Certificate Requirements




Minimum Number of




Subjects


Higher




6


2H5's




Other Grade Requirements



Submission of Portfolio



QQI/FET Requirements




QQI/FET Award Required


Additional Requirements




 
Any full Level 5 or 6 award


Level 5:
DISTINCTION(S) REQUIRED:
5 DISTINCTIONS AND PORTFOLIO
Level 6:
PORTFOLIO




In addition to the QQI minimum entry requirements, QQI quotas and QQI points apply. The max QQI points awarded is 390. Further details at www.tudublin.ie/qqi
Mature Applicants
Applications from mature students (23+) are welcome. Further details at www.tudublin.ie/mature
English Language Requirements
If English is not your first language you will need to provide evidence of your English language proficiency as detailed on our website. Applicants for this course should have a minimum IELTS (Academic Version) English Proficiency of 6 overall (or equivalent) with nothing less than 6 in each component.




What is... Interior Design?



This course is all about the art or process of designing the interior decoration of a room or building, and how we experience spaces and the objects in them. It’s a powerful, essential part of our daily lives that affects how we live, work and play. Exciting recreational environments, unique domestic spaces, functional workplaces, inspiring retail spaces, that’s interior design at work.
This award-winning course, which has strong links with industry, is based on three areas of study. In Design Fundamentals, you’ll engage in a fundamental and developmental study of design practice through a wide variety of studio projects. In Design Communications, you’ll develop your visualising skills (subjects include Computer-Aided Design, Drawing and Design Realisation). In Critical Theory, you’ll learn about the key issues in the history and theory of design.
In Years 2 and 3, you can broaden your visual education in optional modules from the Fine Art and Visual Communication areas. In your Design Thesis in final year, you’ll present a systematic, structured solution to a challenging design problem.
Graduates find work in design practices, architectural firms, furniture manufacturing firms, display and exhibition companies and as private designers.




What are my career opportunities?



Interior Designer
Interior Architect
Furniture Designer
Exhibition Designer
Kitchen Designer
Visual Merchandiser
Retail Designer
Showhome Designer
Interior Office Designer
Design Assistant
Sales Manager
Product Design
Project Manager
Space Planner
Furniture Conservator/Restorer
PA
Stage Designer





 Module listing      Year One  Year Two  Year Three  Year Four Design Fundamentals:

Form & Space
Structure
Proportion
Perception & Colour
Anthropometrics & Ergonomics

Design Communications:

Observational Drawing
Design illustration with Photography
Construction Studies
CAD

Critical Theory:

Introduction to Design
Design & Contemporary Society
Design Fundamentals:

Recreation
Storage
Internal Structure

Interior Design:

Sustainability
Commercial & Domestic
Retail

Furniture Design:

Workstations
Flexible Living
Contract Furniture

Design Communications:

Design Fabrication
CAD 

Critical Theory:

Modernism in Design & Theories of the Twentieth Century.
Interior Design:

Building Regulations
Hospitality
Retail
Universal Design

Furniture Design:

Structure & Material
Outdoor Furniture
Modular Systems
Comfort
Self Assembly
Workstation

Design Communications:

Digital Modelling 

Critical Theory:

After Modernism & Theories of Modernity
Thesis Preparation
Professional Practice
Interior Design:

Research
Concept Development
Thesis Resolution
Thesis Presentation

Furniture Design:

Research
Concept Development
Thesis Resolution
Thesis Presentation


Advanced Entry


Advanced Entry applications are accepted to this course. For further information on how to make an Advanced Entry application, please visit our CAO Hub. A full list of courses open for Advanced Entry are listed on the CAO website.




What our students say



What is enjoyable? I’ve made some life-long friends, learned from some incredibly talented tutors and have enjoyed every project thoroughly. The variety of design projects means there is something enjoyable for everyone. What do you learn? We learn the skills that show off our imagination in a physical piece of work that can be presented to future clients.


What is useful? Learning valuable skills that are vital in the design profession, such as CAD, Photoshop, Illustrator and Sketchup. Why do it? It’s an interesting and challenging subject that has new materials and trends coming out all the time.





Progression


On graduation, you may proceed to postgraduate studies leading to the award of MSc, MPhil or PhD at research institutes and universities worldwide.







Apply Now



Apply Now Irish/EU 
Apply Now QQI Level 5/6 
Apply for Advanced Entry
Apply Now Non-EU Year 1




TU Code
TU975
Level
Level 8
Award
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) Duration
4 years
Number of Places35
Location
City Centre: Grangegorman
Virtual Tour
Grangegorman
Fees
EU Fees
Non-EU Fees



Contact Us
School of Art and Design

creativearts@tudublin.ie
+35312206164
Visit our School website





