








HomeStudyPostgraduateCoursesPharmaceutical Validation Technology (TU289) Part-time    

Pharmaceutical Validation Technology / Teicneolaíocht Bailíochtaithe Cógaisíochta 


< Back to Search Results

 






Course Title: Master of Science in Pharmaceutical Validation Technology




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Honours bachelor degree in chemistry or related discipline at 2:2 grade or higher or equivalent qualification. Applicants for the part-time course should be employed in a relevant industrial sector. Selection may be by interview.
Note: Due to the considerable competition for our postgraduate courses satisfying the minimum entry requirement is not a guarantee of a place. Depending on the course of study applications will be assessed based on your academic grades and may also take into account your work/life experience. Applicants may also be required to attend for interview for specific courses.




What is... Pharmaceutical Validation Technology?


Please note due to the great demand for our courses early applications are assessed when received and dealt with promptly. Therefore it is advisable to make early applications for an early response. If you do not yet have your final degree results this will not hinder your application as we are happy to issue conditional offer letters in such circumstances.
This course is designed to provide education at postgraduate level in aspects of pharmaceutical validation technology to scientists, engineers and other professionals who operate in the pharmaceutical industry.
The School of Chemical and Pharmaceutical Sciences at DIT run four Masters programs designed to provide a bridge for students who have qualified in science disciplines to the specific requirements of the pharmaceutical and related industries. Students interested in Quality Assurance can choose DT233 and DT237 which are offered on a full time or part time basis respectively. See course descriptions below and links to further information.
These programmes are offered as CONVERSION courses specifically aimed at science graduates interested in a career in the Pharmaceutical or related industries. So whether your original degree was in science on the one hand, or engineering and technology on the other, you are equally likely to benefit. Due to its excellent reputation, our entrants come from a wide range of Universities from Ireland and overseas and represent all science disciplines. Each year we also have a small number of International students from both within and outside the EU. All have found the breadth, depth and rigor of this course to be both stimulating and challenging. In consequence, it has benefitted them greatly in developing their careers.




What are my career opportunities?


Graduates of the course are well equipped to take up positions as validation professionals and managers in the pharmaceutical and related industries.




Course Content



Fundamentals of Process Validation 
Validation of non-sterile Primary and secondary Manufacturing  
Computer System Validation  
Cleaning Validation  
Fundamentals of Equipment Qualification  
Utilities, Facilities, and Research methods  
Pharmaceutical Operational Excellence  
Validation of Combination products  
Quality Risk Management   
Process Validation for Biopharmaceuticals and aseptic pharmaceuticals  
Aspects of Regulatory Science for Pharmaceutical Validation  
Validation Strategy Project  
Consultancy Project  





Schedule


Online Lectures:

Tuesday & Thursday 6-9pm
Saturday 10am - 1pm

*Timetable subject to change




How to Apply


APPLY NOW: PART TIME JANUARY START
 








TU Code
TU289
Level
Level 9
Award
Master of Science

Duration
3 years
Course Type
Postgraduate
Mode of Study
Part Time
Method of Delivery
Online
Commencement Date
January 2024
Location
City Centre: Grangegorman
Virtual Tour
Grangegorman
Fees
Year 1 €2,835Year 2 €2,835Year 3 €135 



Contact Us
Professor Anne Greene

anne.greene@tudublin.ie
01 220 5560

 
Contact Us
Johanna King




johanna.king@tudublin.ie
+35312205828






