








HomeStudyPostgraduateCoursesHuman Centered Artificial Intelligence (TU471P) Part-time    

Human Centered Artificial Intelligence / Intleacht Shaorga Daonlárnaithe


< Back to Search Results

 






Course Title: Master of Science in Computing in Human Centered Artificial Intelligence




Minimum Entry Requirements?


The minimum entry requirement for standard entrants to the course is a 2:2 (GPA 2.5 or equivalent), in a Bachelor of Science in Computing (Level 8) or a cognate discipline or equivalent. Candidates not attaining this standard level must achieve an acceptable standard for progression by other means approved by QQI. All applicants must have competence in spoken and written English. Candidates may be interviewed to determine eligibility.




What is... Human Centered Artificial Intelligence?


The digital transformation of organizations and society is in full swing, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) is playing an increasing role in this. 
AI systems can used to automatically determine bank loan eligibility, for recognition of dangerous situations through image processing, for assessing medical needs. However, the use of AI also carries challenges, from biased implementations based on faulty data to losing understanding and control over complex systems. How do we ensure that Artificial Intelligence is used for the common good? In the M.Sc. Human Centered AI you learn how to build and apply AI, and how to deal with the societal choices that come with it.
This course has been developed by a consortium of ten organisations across European Universities, Excellence Centres and SMEs. On this course you will develop broad practical knowledge for the creation of Human Centred AI systems. You will also be trained in explainable AI, compliance by design and implementing systems in real world organisations empowering you to make the right decisions about the use of AI with human concerns at the centre.
Further details on this course can be found here.




Course Content


Semester 1

Statistics 
Data Analysis and Programming 

Semester 1 & 2

Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Modelling
Ethics & IT
Research Methods and Proposal Writing 

Semester 2

Future of Artificial Intelligence and Learning
Society and AI: Risk and Compliance
Human Centric Deep Learning
Research Thesis (Human Centred AI)





Schedule


This course is delivered entirely online. However, students are expected to visit campus (or travel to partner universities) for optional events such as Ethicon, Interactive Project Week and project presentations.  
Classes are typically delivered on Mondays (or Tuesdays) and Wednesdays evenings, 6.00pm – 9.30pm. Lecturers may record the online session on request. However, most of the sessions are interactive hence, it is highly recommended that students attend these online sessions, as interactions with students will not be recorded. 




How to Apply


Applications for this course are now open - Apply Online








TU Code
TU471P
Level
Level 9
Award
Masters of Science
Duration
2 years
Course Type
Postgraduate
Mode of Study
Part Time
Method of Delivery
Online
Commencement Date
September 2024
Location
Tallaght
Virtual Tour
Tallaght
Fees
€3,100 Per Year



Contact Us
Dr. Barry Feeney

barry.feeney@tudublin.ie
+35312207864

 
Contact Us
Dr. Rajesh Jaiswal

rajesh.jaiswal@tudublin.ie
+35312208226
Visit our School website






