








HomeStudyPostgraduateCoursesMusic (Performance) (TU388) Full Time Sept    

Music (Performance) / Ceol (Léiriú)


< Back to Search Results

 






Course Title: Master of Music (Performance)




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Applicants will normally have:

an honours degree (minimum 2.2) in music performance, or
an honours degree in music (minimum 2.2) with a strong specialism in performance, or
an equivalent qualification and have demonstrated the necessary performing potential or be of equivalent professional standing

Equivalency for international degrees will only be checked on submission of an application. If English is not your first language you will need to provide evidence of your English language proficiency as detailed on our website. Applicants for this course should have a minimum IELTS (Academic Version) English Proficiency of 6 overall (or equivalent) with nothing less than 6 in each component.
Applicants should submit the following along with the application:

CV with details of your performing experience (repertoire and performances) musical training and other relevant experience/education
Statement of Purpose outlining your aims and objectives for undertaking postgraduate study in music performance
A recent example of academic writing in music, for example, an academic essay or scholarly programme notes
Academic Transcripts
Two references relating to your music experience, preferably one from your most recent teacher and one from an industry professional

Audition and Interview
Suitable applicants will be invited to the Conservatoire to undertake an audition and interview. 
Audition
You are requested to prepare and present a 20-minute programme of works on your chosen instrument/voice, which will demonstrate musicianship and technical proficiency. For specific audition requirements, please see the Conservatoire website.
International applicants who are unable to attend an entrance audition in person may submit a video recording of their performance.
Interview
The interview is intended to assess your suitability for entry to the programmed. You should be prepared to answer questions about your music studies, performance experience and repertoire, research interests and career plans.  
Please Note: Due to the considerable competition for our postgraduate courses satisfying the minimum entry requirement is not a guarantee of a place. Depending on the course of study applications will be assessed based on your academic grades and may also take into account your work/life experience. Applicants may also be required to attend for interview for specific courses.




What is... Music (Performance)?



The course is designed to prepare graduates for a performing career in the music profession within the classical, Irish traditional music and jazz genres. Applications are welcome from solo instrumentalists, singers, accompanists and chamber ensembles.
Based at TU Dublin Conservatoire, which has a long tradition in the provision of performing arts education, the course aims to facilitate the artistic, intellectual and creative development of students by providing an integrated and structured programme with performance experience in a wide range of solo and ensemble contexts, underpinned by complementary academic, research and professional studies.
The course aims to provide a postgraduate qualification in performance for:

Applicants who have already completed an undergraduate degree in music with a high level of performance and aspire towards a professional career in performance.
Applicants who have professional performing experience and wish to pursue further study in their chosen area.

Aims:
The course is designed to:

Refine and develop individual performance artistry as an instrumentalist/singer/accompanist/chamber musician in a wide range of solo and ensemble contexts.
Develop creative skills and professional attitudes to enable engagement and collaboration in the music-making process to meet the demands of the performing profession at the highest levels.
Integrate professional level performance studies with the development of advanced skills in analytical and research skills, critical reflection and communication, with particular emphasis on performance practice.
Provide a programme of study tailored to the needs of the individual student, with supporting specialist modules of professional relevance and career preparation.





What are my career opportunities?


The MMus (Performance) course is designed to prepare you for a future career in the music industry. Graduates of the course have pursued careers as opera singers, concert artists, orchestral and chamber musicians, music educators and animateurs, and in many other roles in the creative industries. This multi-faceted graduate profile informs much of the course design. There are also opportunities for further study at the Conservatoire through our DMus in Performance or PhD programmes.




Course Content


The structure of the course has been redesigned around 4 main elements: Performance Studies, Research Studies, Discipline Specific Skills and Employability Skills. However, the integration of the knowledge, understanding and competencies of these elements is central to the ethos of the programme.




How to Apply


Apply Online – FULL TIME NON-EU SEPTEMBER START
Apply Online – FULL TIME EU SEPTEMBER START








TU Code
TU388
Level
Level 9
Award
Master of Music
Duration
2 years
Course Type
Postgraduate
Mode of Study
Full Time
Method of Delivery
On-Campus, Online
Commencement Date
September 2024
Location
City Centre: Grangegorman
Virtual Tour
Grangegorman
Fees
€5,000 Per Year
Fees (Non-EU) €27,000



Contact Us
Dr Cliona Doris

cliona.doris@tudublin.ie

 
Contact Us
Conservatoire

conservatoire@tudublin.ie
+353 1 220 5031
Visit our School website






