








HomeStudyPostgraduateCoursesEnergy Management (TU208) Full Time    

Energy Management / Bainistíocht Fuinnimh


< Back to Search Results

 






Course Title: Master of Science in Energy Management




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Standard applications: at least a 2.2 award in an Honours Bachelor of Engineering Degree will normally permit direct access to Stage 1.
If English is not your first language you will need to provide evidence of your English language proficiency as detailed on our website. Applicants for this course should have a minimum IELTS (Academic Version) English Proficiency of 6.5 overall (or equivalent) with nothing less than 6 in each component.
Non-Standard applications: Applicants holding a qualification or combination of qualifications deemed by the Institute as being of equivalent standard to the above when taken in conjunction with relevant work experience may also be considered.
Note: Due to the considerable competition for our postgraduate courses satisfying the minimum entry requirement is not a guarantee of a place. Depending on the course of study applications will be assessed based on your academic grades and may also take into account your work/life experience. Applicants may also be required to attend for interview for specific courses.




What is... Energy Management?


The course has been planned in response to a need in industry for a master's degree programme that integrates energy, environmental issues and management. The programme will enhance the present and future effectiveness of managers, engineers and scientists by providing an opportunity to study the theory and practice of current developments, laws, standards, technologies, management, economics and finance, associated with European energy and environmental issues. Graduates of the course will be effective managers of environmental technology with an in-depth awareness of resource management under financial and environmental constraints.
The course is designed primarily for engineers, but will also be of interest to scientists , managers and multi-discipline professionals such as environment health officers, architects and planning officers.




What are my career opportunities?


Our graduates have found employment in all of the major companies in Ireland and internationally around the world in the high quality manufacturing sector, electrical consultancy, energy engineering, data centre design, wind farm development, electrical networks for transmission and distribution, electricity generation, etc. Energy as a valuable commodity needs to be managed. Search the Internet for: jobs energy management.




Course Content


The course is delivered through lectures, assignments and tutorials and consists of three stages. Stage 1 comprises of 6 compulsory core modules. Stage 2 comprises of 6 optional modules. Stage 3 comprises of a project/ dissertation. On average it takes two years part-time at three evenings per week to complete stages 1 and 2. Stage 3 will be either an industrial or College based project normally completed over a period of one year. Project supervision will be provided by TU Dublin.
Sample of course modules currently on offer include:
Stage 1

Business (Organisational Behaviour)
Law (Business Law)
Financial Decision Making
Energy Supply
Energy Conversion and Use
Energy Management Principles and Practice

Stage 2: Optional (choose 6)

Business (strategic Management)
Law (Energy & Environment Law and Policy)
Financial Management
Wind Energy for Electricity Supply
Advanced Energy Systems
Sustainable Building Design
Power System Analysis
Embedded Generation
Renewable Energy Technologies
Biomass Technology/Bio fuels for Transport
Energy Control Systems
Low Energy Lighting Design

Stage 3

Dissertation and Research Methodologies





Schedule


Available soon.




How to Apply


Apply Online – FULL TIME NON-EU SEPTEMBER START
Apply Online – FULL TIME EU SEPTEMBER START








TU Code
TU208
Level
Level 9
Award
Master of Science
Duration
1 year
Course Type
Postgraduate
Mode of Study
Full Time
Method of Delivery
On-Campus
Commencement Date
September 2024
Location
City Centre: Grangegorman
Virtual Tour
Grangegorman
Fees
€5,850 Total Fee
Fees (Non-EU) €14,500 Total Fee



Contact Us
 School Administrator

seeeadmin@tudublin.ie
 +353 1 220 5022/595
Visit our School Website

 
Contact Us
Dr. Keith Sunderland

keith.sunderland@tudublin.ie
+353 1 220 5978
Visit our School Website






