








HomeStudyPostgraduateCoursesEvent Management (TU327) Full Time (Jan)    

Event Management (Jan) / Bainistíocht Imeachtaí 



< Back to Search Results

 






Course Title: Master of Science in Event Management




Minimum Entry Requirements?


Applicants should possess a primary degree at honours level (2.2 grade or higher) or equivalent. In addition, applicants may be required to complete an admission interview.
If English is not your first language you will need to provide evidence of your English language proficiency as detailed on our website. Applicants for this course should have a minimum IELTS (Academic Version) English Proficiency of 6.5 overall (or equivalent) with nothing less than 6 in each component.
Note: Due to the considerable competition for our postgraduate courses satisfying the minimum entry requirement is not a guarantee of a place. Depending on the course of study applications will be assessed based on candidates academic grades and may also take into account applicants work/life experience. The TU Dublin recognises both REL and RPL. Applicants may also be required to attend for interview for specific courses.




What is... Event Management (Jan)?



***Conversion Course***
This course is aimed both at professionals currently employed within the event sector and those from complementary backgrounds who wish to enter the event field. In this context it may be of particular interest to people coming from marketing, languages, geography, hospitality, tourism or business backgrounds. It is anticipated that graduates of this course will find employment in a wide range of positions within and outside the industry.
This course aims to equip participants with the necessary expertise to plan and manage, co-ordinate and develop event businesses and projects in Ireland and abroad. It is aimed at both professionals currently employed within event related activity and those from related fields. This dynamic programme encourages interaction between academics and industry practitioners from the national and international event sector.




What are my career opportunities?


Career paths include management positions in a variety of companies and organisations including festival and sports events, conferences, meetings and exhibitions, corporate and incentives, tourist attractions, hospitality businesses, community development, cultural organisations, cooperative marketing groups, support agencies and local authorities. There are also opportunities for graduates in research, teaching and consultancy.




Course Content


The course involves six taught modules plus a dissertation in the area of Event Management.
Event Management Modules:

Event Planning & Operations Management
International Event Management
Dissertation (including Research Methods)

Core Modules:

Managerial Finance & Entrepreneurialism
The Effective Manager
Emerging Industry Issues
Strategic Marketing & Digital Commerce





Schedule


Classes are generally delivered over three days per week. 




How to Apply


Apply Now - FULL TIME EU JANUARY START
Apply Now - FULL TIME NON-EU JANUARY START
Please note due to the great demand for our courses early applications are assessed when received and dealt with promptly. Therefore it is advisable to make early applications for an early response. If you do not yet have your final degree results this will not hinder your application as we are happy to issue conditional offer letters in such circumstances.








TU Code
TU327
Level
Level 9
Award
Master of Science
Duration
1 year
Course Type
Postgraduate
Mode of Study
Full Time
Method of Delivery
On-Campus
Commencement Date
January 2024
Location
City Centre: Grangegorman
Virtual Tour
Grangegorman
Fees
€7,400 Total Fee
Fees (Non-EU) €13,500



Contact Us
Dr Theresa Ryan

Theresa.Ryan@tudublin.ie

 
Contact Us
School of Tourism and Hospitality Management

tourism.hospitality@tudublin.ie
Visit our School website






